Elastic search set default DateTime format to epoch milliseconds (#29042)
demisto/content: Packs/Elasticsearch/ReleaseNotes/1_3_14.md

#### Integrations
##### Elasticsearch v2

> Changed the default **Time field type** integration parameter to 'Timestamp-Milliseconds'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changed the default *Time field type* integration parameter to *Timestamp-Milliseconds*.
```
